located in galley credit make yourself on
Smart website coyne king.com there
will have for cheap everything is in the
description and well that's friends it's
that pay today are found to
a new video for an opening pack
guys like we have a nice team of
the week as much as a small pack
opening old-fashioned guys what's up
also frey are to steve begin a cl kaka
if diego costa cif moreno naldo and that's
so as you guessed in my opinion
I'm I'm offline
because again we will not say
not recorded reactions with them
with the video I did not understand why
but hey it does not matter since I had
still wanted to show you the
not that I had so the players that I
gets to pick up I'm not telling you if at
heavy or not to stay up late
Legal video is not very long
that's why you stay up
the end and so it's all about guys
indeed play a little dedication to
equinox who will recognize himself or mom
a little dedication you do it here
so we'll see if you recognize yourself
so guys we go straight to these
first packs and I had several
things to say to you during this little
video that will not be very long
so I saw that you enjoyed my
video discovery on fifa world cup
2014 and win a lot who told me
to buy the game and not know what
I could do something nice
on it so do not worry I'm going
certainly take it is not yet
100% certain but I will I think that
I still take this game because
that he looks pretty good as I
had said in the video discovery and
in addition you want me that I
make videos on this game so I 'm going
try to please the maximum
as usual guys that's it you
know you've been many to me
support for what I commented at
level of the series z stop and Latin on
is not all you worry the next
episode episode 8 6 tell me no
nonsense it arrives tomorrow night at 17:30
as usual gold guys precise to
every time you worry there will be
of the heavy normally I will try to
do something original in the
series for you to be a little more a
little happier and we have a lot of
feathers there are many who have me quickly
but as you feel that the pit was
on your chain do you pleasure made
like when like you you want to forgive
we play as you play as you
mean excuse me guys I want a
little bit so do not worry it's
what I want to do
although I still claim to take into account
of your comments do not worry
I say all your comments I do not
may not answer all your questions
comments but in any case I say
I take note do not worry
it's noted all that in my in my
little head do not worry so yes
the slabs do not continue tomorrow so
little parenthesis for the packs for
now we only have shit in
rosary of the players or me we get
quickly and as usual
do not worry it's you again
hold i would like to reserve you
maybe a big surprise it's not
we do not know a little gareth bale cycle
ouled moussa would pass well you know
you know it well you know but hey
we will see afterwards the video
yes So here worry was that
continue we are soon going zero on the
chain and win for the twenty thousand
subscribers I prepare something I do not pay
a little trick I tell you no more
for it just needs to be a little bit
patient do not worry it'll go
very quickly a goal like that goes up these
lately it's a sick thing
regard so I really wanted when
even thank you all
frankly all thank you guys
to follow my videos to follow me
myself on youtube from the master of the lakes
would exceed the elite it really does
pleasure guys honestly it shows
really that people take the time
to watch the video and put a
I like it even if it does not take
a lot of time frankly that you
know takes 2 seconds to go
honestly not even two seconds and
then me it makes me very happy
guys frankly it takes us no
it takes you nothing like time and me it
I really enjoy myself
So here I am, I really tell you
thanks everyone guys without you
I 'll never be there what I remember
still from my first video that I had
did circle of i filmed with his
camera honestly and one is
soon twenty thousand on the chain sa
party is a fun time guys this
is warm to the heart frankly I
never thought so many subscribers
frankly having more
here you are you are sympathy you
are to be magic just to lace up
my words so here is my husband soon the
end of the pack still not rolling out of your
players
passion maybe still for the end
we do not know there are still a few small ones
packs so frankly there a big thank you
the word is the word thank you to everything
the world
honestly here I can see him doing it
the more you say thank you guys you
not worry there will be and a video
special one thousand subscribers he reminded
having the same chip that you will see
so we had juniac the star of than
that i'm we all apologize to me
again for those who
I thought I was insulting him by calling
big match i'm neither for the boss I
I'm not especially for the psg nor
for the om it's just that I was laughing a
little bit with him here is simply
for joking and galas the last
pack so we had that sea of
watch two players jean de monts rare
in a gold pack
short must be abused so guys I hope
that eight frankly left brain
honestly serves him hunk a bag
or not the beautiful ones
so I hope that will have you when
even more than the gapençais with garlic that
always happy to share the
video to subscribe to chew not weave
still done I hope it will have you
even more so even if we had some
shit for that I did not do a
video too long like that you 're not going
Too much bored you still go
listen to what I say finally I hope
for those who are still there until the
end of the video
I would say next steak by
everybody